[PowerToys]Clarify that Advanced Paste AI is opt-in (#5013)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: hub/powertoys/advanced-paste.md

---
title: PowerToys Advanced Paste for Windows

> description: A tool that enables you to paste the text from your clipboard into any format needed. It can be enhanced with an AI powered option that is 100% opt-in and requires an Open AI key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A tool that enables you to paste the text from your clipboard into any format needed. It can be enhanced with an AI-powered option that is 100% opt-in and requires an OpenAI key.
```

ms.date: 04/24/2024
ms.topic: article
no-loc: [PowerToys, Windows, Paste as Plain Text, Advanced Paste, Win]
---

# Advanced Paste

> PowerToys **Advanced Paste** is a tool that enables you to paste the text from your clipboard into any format needed. It can paste as plain text, markdown, or json directly with the UX or with a direct keystroke invoke. These are fully locally executed. In addition, it has an AI powered option that is 100% opt-in and requires and Open AI key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PowerToys **Advanced Paste** is a tool that enables you to paste the text from your clipboard into any format needed. It can paste as plain text, markdown, or JSON directly with the UX or with a direct keystroke invoke. These actions are executed entirely on your local machine. Additionally, the tool has an AI-powered option that is 100% opt-in and requires entering an OpenAI key in settings.
```
